First week of Benny and Gordon's first expedition went…fine. 
Benny would say that it went great and that he had a lot of fun. And Gordon… Gordon would stumble on answer for a while, but say it was fine, even maybe good, but he is not sure. He was left questioning himself and some of his choices, but it still went fine. He will even say that he somewhat enjoyed Benny's company. It's nice to have a hunting partner with you, not so… lonely…in the evenings.

"So. See you around on the next mission, ma dude." Benny extended his hand for a shake. "Send me a letter with when and I'll be ready."

"Not the next mission. We need to make a report of what we saw and did."  Gordon tried to shake Benny's hand, but Benny swiftly lifted it up. 

"Sike! Listen Greydon…"

"Gordon." Gordon became annoyed.

"Doesn't matter, big guy." Benny leaned on Gordon's side with one hand" all those 'reports' aren't ma thing, ya know. You’ll do a better job without me and…"

"We need to report it to the guild. You are going there." Gordon is looking pissed "No excuses.You got me, Buddy?" He almost growled.

"You are so hot when you're angry. Maybe ONLY for you then, big boy." Benny winked at Gordon.

In an instant Gordon's face turned red. Was it anger or just shock of what just happened. Only one thing he understood was that the nerve of Benny was limitless. 

Benny just smiled and went towards the hub with his khezu. Not a care of what they just talked about, or what he did. 

He turned around. "Hey, big guy!"

Gordon looked at him.

Benny just winked at him, smiled and stuck his tongue out for a split second. Gordon slightly jerked back, turning even redder. That made Benny burst up laughing. 

"You are so adorable!"

 After telling that Benny quickly disappeared, leaving Gordon an embarrassed mess. But more importantly, it left Gordon feeling confused. Not confused by Benny's actions, but more confused at his feelings. Being called adorable felt…nice. Compliments should feel nice, shouldn't they?

First week was fine, yeah.

—--

Gordon knocked at the door. From what he learned this must be the door into Benny's place. 

His new hunting partner didn't show up to the meeting in the guild and Gordon got some flack for it. Now he just wants to learn why he didn't show up, when just yesterday Gordon warned him. It was hassle to find where Benny stayed. Gordon knew the general location of where the guild let out of town hunters live but not the full place. 

"Fucking, just yesterday told there is no excuse. He promised, just yesterday… yesterday…" He muttered.

Every time that G remembers what was yesterday he feels like his cheeks are warming up. 

*Knock*
*Knock*

Gordon hears a familiar voice from the other side and some additional sounds of someone hastily pacing the room.

Door opens to Very roughed up, happy and almost very naked Benny.

"I didn't know any...Oh" Benny looks up and down "It's you. What a surprise."

"We need to talk," said Gordon with a stern expression in his voice.

"I'm actually really busy. Let's talk in..." Benny takes a pause to think " two days."

"TWO DAYS?" Exclaimed Gordon. "We had a meeting and..."

Gordon was interrupted by someone tugging Benny back inside. Benny doesn't resist and in the second, right in front of Gordon's eyes, a woman kisses Benny. 

Gordon in shock. Benny looks more relaxed than when he opened the door.

"I'll let him go before dinner." Said that woman and slowly closed the door.

 She was looking very familiar but the voice gave away that it was a hub lass that usually gave Gordon quests. 

Suffice to say Gordon was confused and maybe even jealous.  But for what reason? 

While going to his place Gordon thought that that was so weird seeing hub lass being all over Benny. She was always so nice to Gordon. Not like Gordon felt something towards her. But something bugged him. Both people who were nice to him and one of them just a week ago was telling him that they are into him. And that particular thought was making Gordon irritated. And to be honest, the picture of Benny being in pure bliss when she dared to ... To...
Gordon stopped himself. Why would he care? He doesn't care.  It's nothing. Only thing he cares about is work and that he got somewhat reprimanded for the thing that he didn't do.

Later that evening Gordon was sitting in his place, checking some research notes and trying not to get into his thoughts about Benny and what he saw and learned today. Suddenly he heard.

*Knock, knock, knock.*

Gordon couldn't even begin to think about who this might be when a familiar voice came through the door.

"Hey, Nerd! I know you are still awake."

It's Benny.

Gordon wasn't thrilled about it. He was quite irritated that he didn't see Benny at the dinner, how lass promised to him. 

"Oh, come on. You wanted to talk!"

Gordon got up and opened the door. 

"Heeey, buddy. I know that you'd be awa..."

"You should have met me at dinner." Gordon looks irritated.

"Dude, you know how it be." Benny just shrugged "So. You wanted to talk with me?" 

Gordon growled "Come in" and let Benny into his place. 

Benny saw a pretty clean house with only mess being on the table with a lot of notes and some pretty hefty books. He cleaned himself a place and sat across Gordon. 

"You weren't at the meeting." Said Gordon very coldly.

"You know, all those booring meetings , not for me. I prefer other kinds of ‘Meetings’ ", Benny winked at Gordon. 

Gordon jerked back and felt like his cheeks were warming up. Benny smiled. Gordon's reaction was the same as when Benny did this the first time.

"I-i was reprimanded for it! We-we were placed together and me in charge...so...so you know... Y-You are under me and I'm responsible for your actions..."

"Oh! You want me to obey your orders and be under you?" Benny looks stunned but a Big grin spreads across his face. "I think I know what you mean, big boy."

Benny got up and slowly moved toward Gordon.

"You do? Well yes, I'm responsible for you and want you to visit meetings from now on with m-me..."

"I wouldn't mind more one-on- one 'meetings' with you." Said Benny very sweetly.

"Good. B-But why are you c-com-coming so close?"  

Gordon was feeling something off. Looking in the half-closed yellow eyes of Benny that was standing right beside him, almost leaning over.

"You could just say that you like me. Don't need to use some code to get my attention."
Benny placed his hand onto Gordon's chest.

Gordon finally understood what Benny meant. He instantly turned red and panicked. 

"I DON'T LIKE YOU!" He exclaimed while pushing Benny from himself "THAT NOT WHAT I MEANT!"

Now Benny is confused. "You really were talking about work?"

"Y-YES!?"

"Oh, sorry mate." Benny raised his hands up and backed away. He sat down.

This is awkward. Gordon is very flustered and Benny... Benny looks fine. Completely, how he would say, 'chill'.

"I'm...No...I mean YES. How would you even think that I would like you!?"

"You liked me before. Like, when we were on an expedition."

"It was a fluke. I'm not...like that."

"Not like what?"

"I'm...um..not interested in men."

"Pfft, of course you are. Y’all not interested in men afterwards." Sarcastically said Benny. 

Gordon looks at him incredibly confused. He wanted to object but Benny continued.

"I'm sorry that you were reprimanded for my actions...or lack there of. I promise I'll be a good boy, just for you." Benny chuckled. "Let me get you something to drink tomorrow as an apology."

Benny's words sounded very strange to Gordon. He doesn't know what to think.

"I promise not to hit on you. Ok? Just like buddies." Benny extended his hand to Gordon. 
Gordon agreed and shook Benny's hand.

"That's all that you wanted to talk about?"

"Yeah, kinda."

"Ok. I can leave now? I'm really tired" Benny stretched in his seat. " Today was exaaaaausting, if you catch what I mean." Be smiled

Gordon looked at Benny with a slight disappointment "Y-yeah. Good night."

"Same to you."

And Benny left, leaving Gordon alone with his thoughts. He couldn't get back to his work because of what just happened. It threw him into a loop of thoughts and feelings. 
The look in Benny's eyes when he loomed over Gordon stuck with him. That look was alluring. He never felt so challenged and desired. One thought about it sent pleasant chills down Gordon's spine. It made Gordon feel some things. And his palm, it felt oddly gentle for a hunter wielding a heavy weapon, even if there were a thick shirt that was separating it from Gordon's skin.

He quickly caught himself thinking over all of that situation and how it left him wanting to continue it. Not by means of conversation, but in the "What if?" scenario.

What if Gordon didn't stop Benny? What would happen next? Would it turn into the same thing that was on the field? Does that mean that Gordon wants to sleep with Benny again? His head was flooded with questions, ideas…scenarios. He didn't notice how he slowly drifted into a fantasy realm, thinking about every possible way that situation could turn out. 

Thoughts flashed through his head staying for seconds and disappearing. He couldn't focus on them fully. But he couldn't resist them.
Flashes varied in the amount of detail in them, from the view of that damned hand on the chest to, what could have been described, made up looks of how Benny looks under all those clothes. Or to the simple view of a man being pleased. It felt too personal, too real. 

After who knows how long, Gordon was able to snap out of that state. He cleaned up his studies a little and went to bed. 

Next day went as usual for Gordon. Not like he had those intrusive thoughts again or them being able just to fully screw up his daily routine. One of things he was good at was following the routine. 

But he couldn't have a calm day without an intrusion. Loud pounding on the door disturbed his evening…and, again, it was Benny. 
Gordon opened the door to talk with him when he flew into the house, closing the door behind him.

"I came to take you for a drink that I promised yesterday." Benny muttered really fast "But firstly, be a bro and act like I'm NOT HERE and you have NEVER seen me." Benny quickly looked around and hid behind a big chest under the stairs. 

Gordon was really confused and was going to ask him about what's going on. He wasn't able to take a few steps when someone again knocked at his door.

Asking about who was that, Gordon was greeted with somewhat of an explanation. Angry male voice was asking if Gordon maybe saw a short man with black hair. 
Gordon opened the door to talk more, he learned that this person was looking for a man who dared to sleep with his girlfriend, who turned out to be a hub Lass that Gordon saw at Benny’s place earlier, and this person 'just wanted to talk'. Gordon assured him that he didn't see anyone, especially when he was busy all evening and wasn't going outside. 

As soon as the door closed and angry steps became quieter and disappeared Gordon exhaled a long sigh of relief. As the thought of what just happened settled down in his head he turned and exclaimed at Benny who was leaving his 'hideout'.

"WHAT IN THE ACTUAL FUCK?!"

"You need to clean under the stairs, it's hella dusty. I almost suffocated there. And not in a fun way." Said Benny while trying to get out of his 'hideout'.  

"What? What was that?"

"Little mistake on my part. But don't worry, he will not be disturbing us anymore. So, are you ready?" Benny dusted himself off.

Gordon completely forgot that he made plans yesterday. He stuttered in the answer. The view of Benny at his place again reminded him about his thoughts. And whatever was after them. Didn't help the situation that Benny was roughed up after his chaise and having a cloak that fit him way too well. Gordon took a little too long to answer Benny's question. 

"Welp, if you aren't, it's not a big…"

"Yes I'm ready." Gordon interrupted. He can't let this tiny man intimidate him. "Let's go."

Benny smiled: "There is no time to waste!" 

—--

Benny held his words and bought Gordon a drink. They chatted about what happened earlier, Benny apologized and told Gordon that he is a good bud. They had a great time. Gordon eased up after learning about Benny a little. Nothing new but at least small info about small things. Benny didn't tell him much about his life in the past and just didn't want to talk about himself, mostly asking Gordon questions.
 
Gordon didn't notice how much time had passed. They talked and talked. Benny appeared to be a great listener. But one thing that bugged Gordon is that Benny didn't order himself any alcohol despite Gordon having a few drinks and was feeling the effects of them. 

"Why aren't you getting yourself something?" 

Benny was confused by that question "I'm ordering. I'm just not getting myself alcoholic drinks."

"Maybe I'll treat you to some ale, or beer?"

"I'm very moved by that, but if you are offering me the same thing that you are drinking, I'll pass." 

"What's wrong with my drink?" Gordon seems offended but he is mostly curious.

"You wanna know all the reasons? Or we just agree that you have the right to enjoy what you like."

"Oh, come on. I told you a lot and you aren't telling me about yourself, that seems wrong."

"Ma dude, don't get me wrong, We aren't that close so I will tell you stuff about me. But I find beer and ale very disgusting. If I wanna get drunk I will order a cocktail. It will be sweet and more boozy than your..." Benny looked at Gordon's mug and gestured with some disgust: "beverage."

Gordon is feeling kinda not right that Benny is pushing him away that way. Not talking and not sharing. 

Gordon sighed "Maybe I get you a cocktail? Let me treat you as a bud to bud."

Benny chuckled, "Dude, you don't want me to be drunk."

"Tell me why? I wanna connect, learn more about you."

Benny softly smiles. He smiled all evening but this smile was different. It affected Gordon in different ways than the usual smug grin that Benny had. Gordon began relaxing when he saw that smile. 

"Duuude. If I get drunk I will be hitting on you." Benny explained. “You are too gorgeous.”

That sudden compliment flustered Gordon. He turned away and tried to act, like he didn’t hear that. Benny chuckled. But they both felt like their conversation died at that moment. 

Benny got up, stretched and cracked his neck, “50 zeny for me to get that girl.” Benny pointed on a woman that just sat behind the bar. 

“You hid under my stairs from Lasses boyfriend just Today! Are you really sure you want to do it?” 

“Oh that? Yeah, that turned out somewhat nasty. So 50?“

“Are you hearing yourself? Isn’t it, kinda bad?”

“She didn’t tell ME that she had a boyfriend. 100 zeny.” Beny looked at Gordon.

“But…But… I can’t do that.”

“ 500 zeny and this pin .“ Benny unpinned the needle from his chest taking his cloak off his shoulders. 
That was a really nice silver pin made to look like a bow and arrow.

Gordon just looked with amusement at Benny for a couple of seconds. With nothing to say he waved “Do it.” to him.


Benny placed his cloak beside Gordon: “Look after it for me then?” and dissapeared.

Rest of the evening was a blur of alcohol and watching how Benny was charming the lady at the bar. Gordon didn't notice how much he drank. He was basically left alone to guard the damned cloak and pin.
He turned to look at it again and irritation began to rise. He was sitting alone when the supposed 'drunk buddy' somewhere else was having fun and he was left guarding said buddy's stuff and the intrusive thoughts didn't want to let go. New feelings began to rise up when Gordon looked back at Benny. He decided that he needed to forget what was on the field and yesterday's incident, so more alcohol was ordered.

After a few more drinks later Benny walked to Gordon with his newly caught 'date'. "Have a great night, ma man" he said.

Gordon didn't answer. Benny patted him on the back and left.

Gordon sighed, feeling didn't truly go away and something began to nag him. He looked to his side.
“For Fatalis’s sake~” Gordon stands up and almost falls over because of the sheer amounts of alcohol he’s consumed. Maybe he drank a little bit too much. 
Gladly Benny and his date didn't get far away. Gordon was able to stop them in time.
"I…erm. You forgot." Gordon awkwardly handed Benny his things.
Benny looked Gordon up and down. The man could barely stand. Benny sighed and turned to his date so he could quietly explain the situation at hand and that his friend needs him right now. Gladly she understood the situation. She kissed Benny's cheek and left.
"Where is she going?" Mumbled Gordon. 
"Oh, she had other plans. Thank you for my things dude." He took his clothes. " Let's go home?" 
Gordon just nodded. And the rest of the word disappeared for him.
Benny didn't know where Gordon hid his home keys, so he couldn't bring the man to his own place. Plan of action consisted of taking him to Benny's place. 
*He is too drunk, so he probably will pass out as soon as he'll hit the bed* Benny thought to himself. 
They came to Benny's place without any accidents. The hardest part was the stairs to the bedroom but that obstinate course was cleared after a few tries. Those thoughts that Benny had were correct. While Benny walked downstairs for water that the man will be needing in the morning Gordon passed out in the bed.
"Fuck, this will be awkward in the morning." 
He laid down on the other side of the bed, ready to get his sweet dreams, but suddenly a big arm wrapped around him. 
*Did Gordon just hug me?*
And he did. Benny was tightly hugged by the strong and warm arm of his bud. That was very comfortable so he hugged that big arm, nuzzled into it and fell asleep
—---
Gordon opened his eyes. 
He didn't remember anything that happened before. After trying to look into the darkness of the ceiling for a while, he got up to try to understand where he was and, maybe, find his glasses. 

His glasses were laying on the bed stand right beside a candle and some matchsticks. It didn't take him any time to provide that room with some light. 

Room that he was in wasn't too big so it somewhat was visible in the little light that that candle could provide. A one and a half person bed was taking all the space in it with not a lot of space for the already mentioned nightstand beside it. Wooden walls with draping around the corner where the wall met the ceiling. 

*Ngghh*

That sound jumped Gordon. He still didn't check the other part of the bed. 
One thing was certain, He wasn't alone. Was it good, bad, that needed to be checked. 
Gordon carefully turned around trying not to wake up his sudden "bed partner". 

Right beside him was just a lump that was fully covered in the blanket. It clearly tried to shield itself from the light. 

Gordon noticed slightly curly black hair that was poking out from the blanket. He slowly began to uncover whoever's room that was. 

Black hair, not so broad shoulders, pale skin…Oh no.

"Benny!?"

Benny jumped from his spot. 
"I wasn't sleeping on my lookout!" He panicky looked around: "Wait…"
And their gazes met. Benny's just awoken sleepy look and Gordon's utter horror.

Benny broke the silence:  "Good”, He looked around the room investigating the approximate time of his awakening, ”morning big boy."

"You…You've used me after getting me drunk!" Said Gordon in horror.

"Wait what?" Benny rubbed his eye.

"You got me ‘pass out’ drunk just to sleep with me!" Gordon continued accusing him.

Benny stretched, "No I didn't." Yaaaawn* and slopped down "It's true that you've got utterly wasted, but I didn't have sex with you."

"Why am I here then?!" 

"Listen. You've gotten too drunk, and I have no idea where your keys were, also you were a pain to deal with, so I took you here. I left to get some water for you for the mornin’ and when I came back you had already passed out in my bed." Benny turned around to get that pitcher of water. "Want some?" Benny just shoved the pitcher into Gordon's hands.

Gordon really needed that water. But he couldn't drink it. He still didn't fully believe Benny.

"It's just water, you dork." Benny sighed "You have such a low opinion of me, it hurts, Big guy." He yawned again, fell back onto his pillow and turned his back towards Gordon.

Thoughts about maybe Benny was right, and nothing happened, and this was just water began to circulate inside Gorgon's head. Gordon began feeling bad. He decided to take a sip, nothing worse can happen. 
One sip turned into gulp, gulp turned into chug. Gordon didn't understand how much he wanted to drink before he began doing so. Some of it escaped his mouth and spilled onto his chest and stomach and…lower.
Gordon almost choked. 

"Why am I NAKED?!" He almost yelled.

"You are?" 

"Yes?" 

At that moment Benny's full attention turned back to Gordon. He swiftly turned towards Big man again, and took a sitting position. Eyes fixating on the naked body. 
Sure enough, the man was naked. Only part that was covered was his junk and some parts of the legs.

"Idunno dude. When I left, you still had your clothes on. Heh." Said Benny just admiring what was in front of him. 
He always saw Gordon in armor or his 'casual' outfit, that wasn't even hinting on what was underneath. But right now he saw what Gordon was hiding. Big chest, strong arms, pecs were seen in the dim light of a candle. Hair was covering a decent chunk of it. 
It was better than Benny could ever imagine. 

Gordon heard a very quiet "Oh…Wow…" and the look that Benny stared at him felt too intrusive for Gordon. He was ready to leap from that damned bed because of that look.

"Is this room just getting hotter or is it just you?" 
Benny gestured like he was fanning himself over, smirked and slowly put his hand on the scared man's Arm.
 
"Benny. No." Sternly said Gordon and jerked his hand away.

Smaller man moved closer: "Why not?" He placed his arm on the shoulder of his bed partner. "Besides, if you don't want to fuck, it's fine. There are a lot more ways for us to have fun." Benny tugged himself closer, just enough to lean onto an embarrassed big boy that was trying to cover his crotch more. 
Gordon is silent and trying not to look at the man that just began stroking Gordon's side and shoulder. Softly massaging places where he can reach, feeling our every bump of many scars, every crevice of the body. Firmly squeezing that tense trapezius muscle of the neck. 

In a few moments Benny already moved one hand on a different shoulder while the second one was stroking the lower part of the belly but on the safe distance from the pubis. His head was too close to Gordon's strong neck.

"B- Benny," Gordon muttered. 

"You are so tense, Big guy. Let Benny help you with that." 

"I'm…not like that. What we had was an accident." 

"I'm not like that either." Benny chuckled,"But for you I can be anything." The hand on the belly moved down, but not enough to touch anything. "Relax, it's only me and you here. Nobody will know our little secret."


Gordon can feel hot breath on his neck and gentle stroking of his chest. Benny was right, he was tense, but not from stress. He felt how intensely his body wanted to be touched and how good it felt, that feeling fogged his mind with pleasure and want. Sitting naked beside something that nice and now to show how he liked it was becoming increasingly harder with every soft stroke.

Gordon took a strong breath and quietly mumbled "ok" under it. 

"I didn't hear it. Say it a little louder." Benny whispered into Gordon's ear. 

Time almost stopped. Gordon loses it. He wants it and doesn't. But what Benny does with his hand makes him feel very nice, so he caves in.

“Ok. But if I ask you to stop, you must do it. I don't want to, you know…just fuck. Not in the mood for that."

"You got it, buddy." Happily answered the smaller man. He kissed behind Gordon's ear. 

"And no kisses on the lips… I will not be explaining why."

"Your rules." Kisses went down to the neck, sending waves of pleasant goosebumps throughout Gordon's body. 

"And last. Be quiet, you are very talkative…"

No answer came after that. 

Gordon was a little stunned by Benny's willingness to do what he asked. With all the rules bending, mocking and just not listening to him. But now…

Soft hand of his hunting partner interrupted his thoughts, like asking for permission to go lower, to the 'forbidden zone'. 

Gordon timidly moved his hands away, letting that soft hand confidently slide in and get the blanket off the big boy's crotch. 

Despite Gordon's expectations, Benny's hand raised up again, and began pushing him back onto the bed. He didn't feel like protesting and just laid back. While Benny sat beside him.

Their gazes finally met. Benny's face was really smug. Half closed eyes hungirly looked at him, making him shiver. With his slightly curvy bluish - black hair and sharper ears Benny reminds Gordon times where he hunted a nargacuga. Both of them immited feeling of confidence beyond belief. 

Benny leaned over Gordon to get to the nightstand and got a small bottle from it. 
He opened it and poured some oil onto his hand.

"H-hey, i said that i d-don't want to fuck."

Benny just looked at Gordon with a "I know what I'm doing" and "Don't interrupt" look. He didn't understand which one of those two Benny truly meant. 
He wanted to say something more about it but Benny just got the bottle and placed a finger over Gordon's mouth. Gordon began getting worried about it but he kept it cool.
 
Benny spread oil around his palms and began massaging Gordon's chest slightly going over to the neck, but mostly focusing on the chest. Pressing and squeezing it. His hands firmly moved in sync, trying to find Gordon's buttons and making his breath heavier. They slid around, spreading nice smelling oil all around Gordon’s scarred skin. They glided on it, leaving a trace of oil behind. Slick and firm, down to the belly button and back up towards the collarbone. 

Gordon closed his eyes while the smaller man's hands moved towards belly. He felt how heat was rushing into his head making him feel warmer and relax into the action that Benny performed on him. He wanted to let his mind go and make it run wild, imagining anything that wasn't his annoying hunter partner of questionable sexuality.

Benny was quite pleased with himself. He didn't lose his ability to do relaxing massages. Quite the opposite even. Despite Gordon's attempts not to show anything positive Benny still saw that he likes it. It was obvious in his eyes. Man's breathing became slower, more deep, brows relaxed.

He moved on the bed closer to the legs. Began slightly squeezing and firmly pressing them. He could feel Gordon tense up, because of the zone that he is working on right now. He changed his movements to just stroking and pressing ones. 

His palms slowly were moving towards the inner part of the leg. The deeper hand moved the more goosebumps he could feel on Gordon's skin. Gordon even stopped his breath for a short time, while Benny's hand was stroking not even an inch away from the precious package of the man. 

Benny specifically tried to avoid it in all of that early stage of a foreplay. With all the same reasons for not overwhelming his 'play' partner. 

Another stroke, another pause in breath. Benny's hands glided down to the butt. Gently and firmly rubbing close to the hole, but not touching it. 

Gordon took a deep breath and froze just to let out a very faint moan. He hoped that Benny would not hear it. But he heard that, and was proud of himself. It took a lot of willpower for Benny not to speak. He wanted to tease Gordon more than anything right now.

Gladly the opportunity to make his mouth busy arose. Gordon moved his head up, opening up the way to his neck. Benny didn't hesitate and took that opportunity. He laid on Gordon's chest and began kissing the man's neck. 

That was very risky but Gordon didn't protest it. Benny kissed every part that he could. Smell of Gordon's neck made him want it even more. Gentle kisses turned into sucking and after that into light biting and licking. Gordon couldn't resist it. He never would be able to describe how much he liked rougher handling of him, he quietly moaned more and turned his head away from Benny. 

Benny stopped for a moment just to lick from the neck to the ear and stop there. Kissing behind it and nibbling on it. Even if he wanted to go slower he couldn't and Gordon didn't want him to do so. They both liked it a lot. From neck to ear and back. Their play began to pick up some steam. 

Gordon placed his hands on Benny's back and began stroking it while Benny couldn't get away from the neck. Pressing his face into it and stroking it from the other side. Benny fully moved his body to be on top of Gordon. 

While stroking Benny's back Gordon felt something. After a small inspection he discovered that Benny was still in his underwear. He didn't take them off, it didn't even feel like he lowered them. 

Feeling that this was kinda unfair Gordon began slowly tugging them down. Benny slowed down his caresses to help Gordon. Effortlessly he took his underwear off, letting his hard dick fill the newly created void between Benny's and Gordon's bellies. 

It didn't stop their fun but even reinforced it with the feeling of a hard penis being rubbed in between both boys and how it added additional pressure on the big man's belly finally gave the last push for Gordon's own dick to stand up and instantly bump itself on a smooth behind on the small man. 

At that moment they both stopped. Gordon began worrying about it and about how Benny would react to it. He was embarrassed. He didn't knew why, but he was. Right now he felt really good about setting up a "no talking" rule earlier. He could feel how Benny changed his position from laying on top of him to sitting on him. 

Gordon refused to look at Benny and waited for the worst. When a soft hand cupped his cheek and thumb brushing through his beard. Gordon exhaled and peeked with one eye, only to see not a smug grin but the soft smile of Benny in the morning sun, while he was letting go of the cheek, and…OH GOG. It was the first time when he himself saw Benny's physique. Lean but strong looking figure without any noticeable curves so beautifully illuminated by early sunrise. But also that sun was emphasizing a massive scar on his chest, that looked like Benny was stabbed through the chest by something really big. But even it couldn't stop Gordon's heart from starting to race up. Here it is, what he wanted so much yesterday, and he couldn't even process how much he liked it. He even liked how turned on Benny was.

Another bump. Gordon froze again and Benny began to snicker to himself. That reaction was a massive ego boost for the small man. He got up and sat further away, just enough to let Gordon's dick to be in front of him. He lowered his hand just enough so Gordon would feel the heat from it and looked at the man, waiting for confirmation to continue. 

Gordon just looked at him with an awaiting look on his face. Benny gestured towards Gordon’s dick again and looked at him with questioning eyes.

"Oh…um…Yeh, all good." Gordon awkwardly smiled.

Benny quickly glanced around the bed, spotting the bottle of oil. He opened it and after pouring some into his palm got the bottle on the nightstand. After rubbing it between both palms he gently grabbed Gordon's dick and began slowly moving his hand up and down. 

Gordon leaned back onto the pillow. He didn't know how much he wanted that touch. The feeling of Benny's hand on him was relaxing. Additional oil helped with smoothness of the movement. His breath turned heavier with every move. 

Faint *Ahhhh* escaped Gordon's lips. He couldn't hold off his moans any longer. 

Benny began using his other hand with the play. He placed a finger on the head of Gordon's penis, slightly pressing on it. With his other hand he pulled over the foreskin on top of it and began massaging under it, not forgetting to move slightly under the head. Beads of hot pre began appearing from all that play. 

"Mhhhm…fuuuck." Gordon placed one hand on his face. He was embarrassed, for sure, but couldn't deny how good he felt.

Keeping the rhythm he continued spicing jacking off with playing with the head, messing Gordon up more and more. 

But Benny couldn't keep that up for long. He waited long enough and wanted to get some action too. In a few seconds Gordon felt how Benny was placing his own penis on Gordon's. 
Benny even changed the grip to holding both of them together. He didn't need any additional lube because of the amount of hot pre that was generated by Gordon while Benny played with him.

It didn't take too long for Benny to continue that stroking motion but now with additional and very pleasant pressure. Gordon felt the shape of it, how it slipped beside him, how it was similar but smaller than him. It felt way too good. 

Gordon's head began to spin out of pleasure, while Benny's hand moved faster. He even began hearing Benny's huffs of pleasure. He still tries to be quiet, even though Gordon wouldn't mind hearing him moan with him. He even wanted that. 

"Ah, B-Benny" huff "Fuck. Oh Benny." Gordon tried to wrap his head around words to make a cohesive sentence, but all was in vain. All words that escaped his mouth were moans of pleasure that sounded like he asked for more.

Benny loudly exhaled after those moans, slowed down and changed his position to one before, but now at least supported himself by one hand and placed his head onto Gordon’s chest. He too was into what they were doing way too much. And those moans pushed him over the edge. He began to thrust into his slippery with pre hand. Sliding in and out, in and out. Messing the man’s head up.

Feeling of what was happening was hard to describe for Gordon but it truly felt incredible and intimate. Gordon never could imagine himself loving something like that but right now, in the moment he was on cloud nine. 

"Fuck! Ah. BENNY!"

Those moans were a treat for the head of the smaller man. His mind was filling up with just pure want. The smell of Gordon's sweat mixed with dried up saliva, that Benny left on him, and oil was an additional stimulation. It was very hard to hold on. 

The finish wasn't too far away.
"Ngggghhh. Mmmmm!"  Benny came. 

Gordon began growling with his deepened voice. Benny already heard that last time they were helping each other. That meant that Gordon is very close. Benny continued with a few more thrust while spilling into his hand and all over Gordon's dick and balls. 

Not to lose any second of Gordon's closeness, Benny kept moving his arm while himself slid down. He began cleaning him from the mess he left. 

Gordon growled louder and began puffing air. He was very close. Benny's tongue felt amazing on him, especially with all the slipperiness of the hot cum. Benny didn't hesitate a second and began sucking the man off. Taking it deep into his throat and back. 

"RGAAAAAAH!" 

Gordon came right into his partner's mouth. Benny kept slightly moving while cum filled his mouth. He didn't want to spill anything that the man produced. 

Gordon laid still, catching his breath. He never thought that this might be so incredible. He needed a moment. Benny let his dick go and slowly pulled himself beside Godron. 

They were both silent. 

"Um… I, erm…" Gordon tried to start the conversation while turning towards Benny. He saw Benny with full mouth, waiting. 

As soon as Benny saw Gordon looking at him he loudly swallowed all the seed that he was holding onto. 

"Yeah?" He replied, shocking Gordon with his stunt. 

"You didn't just." Gordon couldn't continue the sentence. He fully knew what Benny just did, and he'd be lying if he didn't find it way too hot. 

Benny began stroking Gordon's chest with his finger. "How are you feeling?" 

"Goo..Gr…Fine." 

Benny saw how Gordon could change colors from 'out of breath' red to 'highly embarrassed' beet red. It was very cute.

"Just fine? You don't need to lie to me, big guy." 
Benny looked into Gordon's eyes. "If you want to continue, you just need to smooch me, and I'll allow you to do whatever you want with me." 

Gordon didn't know what to answer. One great thing was that it turned very bright outside so he could look around the room in panic and find where he put his clothes. 

"I think I'll pass." He took his glasses from the nightstand and after checking that those, indeed, were his clothes. "I, now, can see my stuff. I think i need to go home"

"Your loss." 

Gordon wanted to get up from the bed but he suddenly sat back down. "C-Can you leave the room."

"Why? I already saw and inspected every part of you, except your mighty butt. Or you are shy about it?"

"Shy. Definitely shy. Leave please."

Benny decided not to argue. He didn't feel the need to break all the good mood he had right now. He took some clothes from the shelf and left the room to dress up too. Not before catching Gordon's attempts to sneakily look at Benny's butt.

After a few minutes Gordon was getting ready to leave when Benny stopped him. 

"I think you won this." Benny gave Gordon a pin that he bet earlier last night. 

"I can't take it. It's yours, we didn't make any bets." 

"It's no big deal. And we tots did and I've lost." Benny smiled, " You also need this." Benny gave Gordon his cloak too. 

"Why?"

"Just take it and put it on, you'll thank me later" Benny laughed.

Gordon felt uneasy and did what Benny said to him. Even if he agreed to take the pin, he knew that he would return it later. 

"Last thing!" Benny stopped Gordon in the door. He got on his tippy toes and softly smooched Gordon's cheek. "Thank you for the good time. If you want you can visit me anytime. I'd be very happy to see you here again sometime."

Gordon blushed and left. 

—--

At home Gordon took the cloak off. While he was walking around the house he looked in the mirror and saw a bunch of small hickies on one side of his neck. Those wouldn't be a problem if they didn't surround the one massive hickey, that wouldn't go away any time soon. Gordon thought that he would hold on to that cloak for longer than he planned.


Yeah. First week went…Fine.
